hi I'm Kimberly Schlegel Whitman and I'm
here to share some tips with you about
making the most of your app race key
time imagine heading off the slopes
after a wonderful day of skiing and not
having to lift a finger I'm here at the
breathtaking montage Deer Valley in Park
City Utah where they make transitioning
from on Mountain fun to upright
entertainment completely hassle-free
when you're planning your next ski trip
keep in mind the type of experience you
want to have montage Deer Valley has
everything you need for a fantastic
family-oriented experience - a weekend
away with a group of adults the key to a
successful trip is to decide and define
the mood you want to set here if you
have my suggestions are you a serious
gear or leisurely one either way a ski
ballet like those here at Montage Deer
Valley can make your ski experience and
enjoyable one they can't control the
weather but they can take care of just
about anything else you don't even need
to bend down to unbuckle your boot
do you like tradition I do soak in a hot
tub or sit by a fire pit and enjoy a cup
of hot cocoa or an Irish Coffee if your
vacation is a family you can see who can
master the art of s'mores it's the
perfect way to unwind and enjoy the
majesty of spending time in the
mountains when you're ready to head
indoors find a special spot to enjoy a
signature drink ski resorts usually have
great winter drinks on their cocktail
menu here at Vista lounge and terrace
you can enjoy music by a fireplace or
relax more privately in one of the
studies if you're hosting friends or
family during your ski vacation create
your own signature cocktail to serve
them why not try the Alpine squeeze
residents of montage Deer Valley have
their own private residence lounge the
perfect place to host and share a
signature drink with your group
for something a little less traditional
entertain children of all ages with
games and activities but montage Deer
Valley dailies Pub and Rec provides fun
for the whole family
it's unique arcade and bowling alleys
bring a smile to every face and provide
hours of fun schedule time in your next
ski vacation to make the most of
recreational activities provided both on
and off the mountain I'm Kimberly
Schlegel Whitman enjoying my a pre ski
at Montage deer valley I hope you make
the most of your next up race key to